overhaul(everything): complete overhaul and update to docs and v6 (#26)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/v6-migration.md

position: 0
---

### Updates Since Initial Pre-Release

> Since the initial pre-release (`6.0.0-0`) we've worked with our users and friends to iron out implementations in the most reasonable and usable way possible. As we proceed through the pre-release/testing phase for v6, there may be alterations to things further. They will all be documented here prior to releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the initial pre-release (`6.0.0-0`) we've worked with our users and friends to iron out implementations in the most reasonable and usable way possible. As we proceed through the pre-release/testing phase for v6, further changes may be made. They will all be documented here prior to releases.

```

> The majority of the trade-offs we've had to make have been for enhancements and meaningful features. While this update will require some users to rethink, or reconfigure, certain aspects of their setup or workflow to accomodate this; these changes were unavoidable unfortunately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of the trade-offs we've had to make have been for enhancements and meaningful features. While this update will require some users to rethink, or reconfigure, certain aspects of their setup or workflow to accommodate this; these changes were unfortunately unavoidable.

```

The enhancements we've added and changes we've made are outlined in this migration guide.

:::tip QBittorrent

> We previously advised qBittorrent users to hold off on the initial pre-release (`6.0.0-0`), we feel we now have `cross-seed` in a state which is usable for those users. There are [some changes](#qbittorrent) which should be noted prior to updating to help test, however if you make backups and perform any necessary adjustments to your workflow, it should be in a usable state now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we previously advised qBittorrent users to hold off on the initial pre-release (`6.0.0-0`), we feel we now have `cross-seed` in a usable state for those users. There are [some changes](#qbittorrent) that should be noted before updating to help test. We recommend backing up your configuration directory before testing any pre-release versions.

```

:::danger Please Note
**This is currently a pre-release of v6.** Your mileage _may vary_ on behavior and performance. We **always** recommend that before updating you make a backup of your **entire** configuration directory.

Please let us know if you run into any issues [**via Discord**](https://discord.gg/jpbUFzS5Wb)
:::

### Breaking Changes (TLDR)

| Scope or Area      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | qBittorrent        | Changes were necessary for linking enhancements made and compatibiity with AutoTMM and qBittorrent. <br/><br/>duplicateCategories' previous behavior has migrated to`.cross-seed` appended category being tagged on the cross-seeded torrent. All cross-seeds will go to linkCategory when linked and injected.<br/><br/>([Read More](#qbittorrent)) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| qBittorrent        | Changes were necessary for linking enhancements made and compatibility with AutoTMM and qBittorrent. <br/><br/>`duplicateCategories` previous behavior has migrated to `.cross-seed` appended category being tagged on the cross-seeded torrent. All cross-seeds will go to linkCategory when linked and injected.<br/><br/>([Read More](#qbittorrent)) |

```

}
```

> Simply ensure that you've update your data and the indexer's name in autobrr matches the one in Prowlarr/Jackett, and everything will align correctly in your [`linkDir`](./basics/options.md#linkdir).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply ensure that you've updated your data and the indexer's name in autobrr matches the one in Prowlarr/Jackett, and everything will align correctly in your [`linkDir`](./basics/options.md#linkdir).

```
